 Create an Action for the Content Definition Let us add a Create action for our ToDo content definition. Perform the following steps to create an action for the content definition. Click next to the Actions. Content Definition Actions The Create Action is displayed. Create Action Enter the Action name. By default, the Extends from event content type value is selected. Choose one of the following actions to model the content definition: Constructor action - action to construct the entity type. Static action - a type level action which is applicable for the content definition. Inline action - is an action which provides an output as part of the invocation response. Select the Language for implementing action from the drop-down list. Enter the Description. The description is mandatory in all the places for documentation purpose. The information provided in this field will generate documentation for the content definition action. Click next to the Action Inputs to define the action inputs. The action inputs field are displayed. Action Inputs Enter the required details for the Action Inputs. The required action inputs are Name, Type, and Description. Click next to the Action Outputs to define the action output when the action is complete. The action outputs field are displayed. Action Outputs Enter the required details for the Action Outputs. The required action outputs are Name, Type, and Description. Click Create. The content definition lists the created action. Created Content Definition Action In this example, we have created a Create action to perform an action on the task. Now, we can create GetAll, Delete, MarkAsCompleted, MarkAsPending, GetPending, GetCompleted and GetNotes actions to perform various operations on the tasks. Similarly, we can create Create and Delete note actions. Compile the Action for the Content Definition. Compile the Action for the Content DefinitionCompile that actions provided for the content definition. Actions Code SnippetsView the python code that is generated when you create the actions for the content definition. Note Action Code SnippetsView the python code that is generated when you create and delete note actions for the content definition. 