 Create an Application using Object Store Altair Object Store provides the building blocks required to create and deploy applications. The main steps to build an application are: Connect to the Object Store server and create a profile. Create a local content pack with content definitions. Add properties, actions, events and relations to content definitions. Build and Deploy the content pack. Apply the Object Store packages. Apply the Web Content pack. Access the application. Let us examine these steps with an example of a ToDo task management application. The application consists of a list of tasks. A task (ToDo content) consists of a basic description, status (pending, in-progress or done), start and end dates. Tasks can also be assigned a category (Personal or Work). The application also contains notes. A note (Note content) captures text about a task. These are the content definitions we need to create. Content Definition Create the following Content Definition: ToDo - captures the basic description, status, start and end dates. Optionally one can assign a category to a ToDo task. Note - captures the note for the tasks. Properties We need to add these properties for the ToDo content definition. description - ToDo that you want to accomplish. This is a string property type to define the content of the task. status - Status of the ToDo whether in progress, pending or completed. All todos are by default in pending status. Set the property value as “In Progress”, “Completed”, and “Pending”. category - Group the ToDo . Set the property value as “Personal” and “Work”. Actions These are the actions that need to be added to the ToDo content definition. Create - Create a ToDo action with the description, status and category GetAll - Get All ToDos that is created by the user from the database Delete - Delete the selected ToDo MarkAsCompleted - Mark the ToDo as completed MarkAsPending - Mark the ToDo as pending GetPending - Get all the pending ToDos GetCompleted - Returns completed ToDos GetNotes - Get all the associated notes Events Here are the Events that need to be added to the ToDo content definition. ToDoCreateEvent - Event is triggered when a ToDo entity is created ToDoDeleteEvent - This event is triggered on deletion of a ToDo entity ToDoModifiedEvent - Trigger on modification of ToDo Relations We need to create a relation to Notes from the ToDo content definition. Notes 